[MUSIC]
>> Scott Moss: Cool, so
here are some of my tests that I wrote.
And let's just run them because
I don't remember what they are.
>> Scott Moss: Oops,
wrong command, npm test.
It's a good practice to have these
commands in your package.json, so
people don't need to know
about your build system.
Like if you don't know Gulp, and
I forced you to type in Gulp to run
my build system, it's not that cool.
Like if I just say, just type npm test.
Why do you care what's building it?
Just type an npm test or type npm start.
I could use Broccoli, I could Gulp,
I could use Grunt, you don't really care.
Just type in npm start.
So it's a really good practice to do that.
Sweet, so here's my tests.
I have like six tests, but
I think I have way more assertions.
So each one of these is an it.
So every time you see it,
you see one of these, but
that it might have many
assertions inside of them.
So, let's take a look.
I think this one was already here.
Expect blog name, blog name.
So this is where you get, you can do
some powerful stuff in this one because
you have this blog right here,
which is the actual module.
Just to show you what this looks like,
let me show you.
Let me show you how powerful this is.
So if you were to console.log(JSON.,
and we wanna stringify this,
stringify(blog, and
then we're gonna pass in 2.
Does anybody know what that does when
you do that with JSON.stringify,
you pass it a number?
You ever try that before?
>> Off Camera 1: It's the indentation.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, it's the indentation.
Yeah, I found that out
a couple months ago.
I was like, that's crazy.
I didn't know that.
>> Off Camera 1: [LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: [LAUGH] If I would've known
that like a long time ago,
that would have been amazing.
So this module,
this is why I export the module.
This is why I don't just export the name.
Look at all this stuff on here.
You can do some crazy testing on here.
You can figure out,
like you can even say yeah,
expect this module to require ui.router,
you can do some very stringent testing.
This is why I export the module, because
you miss out on so much if you don't.
If you're just like, I'm just gonna
export the name like everybody else.
But look at this, you can really make
somebody mad by [LAUGH] writing some good
tests, you know?
>> Off Camera 1: [LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: Why miss that opportunity?
So, yeah,
some really good tests running right here.
And then you also learn a lot
about the internals of Angular.
This is how I learn how Angular works
internally, is by looking at this module
and seeing what's going on when
I change different things,
like if I add a controller,
what happens here?
If I add this, what happens here?
This is a good way to do that.
So, I highly recommend
checking that stuff out.
So you can do some really good tests here.
And I mean really good coverage and stuff,
instead you'll be testing
Angular itself but, whatever.
It's really good.
So that was already there.
So for directive, the way I did it was
I just held this closure up here for
the ddo, Directive Definition Object, and
then beforeEach I just
make a new directive.
So this beforeEach will happen for
every single it inside this describe.
So it'll happen here,
then it'll happen here, it'll happen here,
it'll happen here.
So it's gonna be reinitialized every time.
The only way that it'll happen one
time is just put a before, and
it will only happen once.
I think that's the expected behavior, but
I always just use this.
>> Scott Moss: So and
because I defined it up here,
it's available down here.
So it's a closure, all right?
So it should have the right template.
So now I'm checking to see
if the template on the ddo
is the same template that
I imported up top, right?
I'm gonna make sure you put
the right template on that thing.
Same thing with the controller,
is it the same controller?
Are you using the isolate scope?
This type needs to be an object, right?
Are using controllerAs, right?
I can even check to see if it says VM or
stuff like that.
Just to make sure
everything is set up right.
And then for the controller,
this one’s okay.
I make a controller.
I expect posts to be an array.
And I'd expect a post to have these
properties, an author and a title.
And that's it.
I guess I didn't get
creative with the template.
Did anybody write tests for
their templates?
Nobody did it?
You did it?
What did you write?
>> Off Camera 2: I just checked for
a bunch of presence of
the different template pages.
String contains or
whatever the Mocha contains-
>> Scott Moss: Nice.
>> Off Camera 2: Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: Nice, I didn't
think of that.
I forgot they had
the contains thing in there.
Nice, that's really good, yeah.
So, yeah, but you could see, you could get
pretty creative with those templates, man,
because people in HTML and
Angular they get crazy.
And they start ng-repeating everything,
they start doing all this stuff.
Now you can write tests and like no,
no nested ng engine repeats,
you know what I mean?
You can write a test for that now.
That's really crazy I really like that,
so yep.
Yes.
>> Off Camera 3: So
could you have a group of tests
that run on every template and
it's defined in one place and then it
just loops across all your templates?
Do you see what I'm saying?
Cuz there are probably some things.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, you can do that,
I mean you would-
>> Off Camera 1: Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: What you could do,
if you wanted to do that.
I mean, to a certain extent,
you don't wanna break the module
pattern that you have.
But if you wanna do that you can just have
a helper file that you come in here and
you'll be like, okay,
I'm gonna call testTemplate and
pass in the template and
something like that, right?
You can do that.
So I guess you could do that but,
actually, I don't know.
I don't know if that'll even work.
Something like that, but
I mean that kinda breaks like.
>> Off Camera 3: But
I mean like you were saying,
don't have nested ng-repeats,
that's probably true across all-
>> Scott Moss: I see what you mean, so
the actual assertion.
>> Off Camera 3: Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, if you could just
break out that assertion as some-
>> Off Camera 3: Common file.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, some common file.
Yeah, you can tell, usually what you do is
you have some test set up or some helper
set up before your tests anyway that you
bring in, especially with like Chai.
Chai has the type of library
to do like mocks and stuff so
you can you do stuff like that.
Yeah, for sure.
I thought you meant something else.
Yeah, cool,
any questions on writing the tests?
So feeling it, right?
Now you're gonna write tests?
>> Off Camera 1: [LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: All right, so
there's no more questions on the test.
This is all I planned on
getting through today.
I have something else, but we definitely
won't get through it today if we start it.
So the rest will be for tomorrow.
So now I just wanna open it up for anybody
who's got questions about anything so
far?
>> Scott Moss: Yes.
>> Off Camera 3: I mean,
this isn't directly pertaining to
what we talked about on this but
you seem like you're pretty
good with preprocessors.
Can you tell us why you use Stylus and
what do you like about it?
>> Scott Moss: I think Stylus is
the best one out there.
Stylus to me is like the markdown of HTML.
Whereas, HTML is like LESS or
Sass, in my opinion.
LESS and Sass are great compared to CSS,
but look at that.
[LAUGH] That's like markdown to me.
It's just a lot more simpler for me.
And the fact that it's being
executed by JavaScript.
It's a lot easier for me to get through.
I mean I know Ruby, and
I don't mind using Ruby.
But the fact that it's just running
through Node makes it a little bit easier
for me, I can customize it if I want to.
And I like the fact that I
don't have to use brackets and
stuff like LESS, and
it feels more like JavaScript.
I've asked somebody to write
bubble sort in Stylus before and
they were able to do it.
>> Off Camera 3: That's cool.
>> Off Camera 1: What about,
I mean that basically just looks like
Traditional Sass.
>> Scott Moss: I've never used traditional
Sass, so I don't know.
>> Off Camera 1: I mean cuz there's Sass
and SCSS.
>> Scott Moss: SCSS, yeah.
>> Off Camera 1: Yeah, and
SCSS is the later adaptation to try and
duplicate basically what LESS is doing.
And therefore, any CSS document
could be a valid SCSS document.
So it's easy for
you to just take a CSS document,
switch it over to a Sass.
>> Scott Moss: Right.
>> Off Camera 1: And then make your markup
as needed.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
that sounds like that'd be a win
if you decided to do that.
I've never used the classic Sass.
But, yeah, it's kind of like Coffee script
because it relies on indentation like
Python and Coffee scripts so
you've gotta be wary about that.
But I like the helper functions
that it comes built in with.
So if you look at some of
these helper functions that Stylus comes
built in with, there's just tons of them.
As far as like, this are all
functions that Stylus ships with.
It's like a JavaScript
library of functions,
things like color manipulation and
all types of stuff.
So that's another reason why I like it.
Yes.
>> Off Camera 3: There was a question from
Horatio H,
what your opinions are on PostCSS.
I'm not familiar with that.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
PostCSS is like the future of CSS.
It actually brings CSS 4 to you right now.
And if I could use anything I
would choose that, it's just that
the configuration is a little hard cuz
you have to set up your own rules first.
Like for instance, I think Stylus
even uses PostCSS internally.
So it's one of those tools you would use
to make a preprocessor, or if you had
the team and the manpower then you can
use it internally to preprocess your CSS.
But, yeah, PostCSS allows you to
define different syntaxes in your CSS.
It is kind of like,
have you ever heard of sweet.js?
>> Off Camera 1: Yeah, for macro.
>> Scott Moss: For macros?
>> Off Camera 1: Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, it's like
that for CSS.
It allows you to define different
macros and stuff like that.
So-
>> Off Camera 1: It's nice.
>> Scott Moss: It's pretty cool, yeah,
I really like it.
But the configuration is it just like,
eh, I don't know,
I'm not there yet.
>> Off Camera 3: There's another question,
if we can go over doing a simple
template test, like for example,
checking that every double bracket
is followed by bm or something.
>> Scott Moss: Okay, let's check that out.
>> Off Camera 2: I don't know if we
would really want that test, right?
Because like in our ng-repeats,
that's gonna break, isn't it?
>> Scott Moss: Well,
not everything in the bracket.
In ng-repeat, I see what you're saying.
Yeah, in ng-repeat that would break.
But what you could test is
maybe not every single one?
But you could test to see that you
should at least have this one.
I mean if you go in the template,
you should be like,
you should at least have this
vm.message in here, right?
Or you should have vm.post
in there somewhere.
So you could test for that.
>> Off Camera 2: Sure, yeah, right.
>> Scott Moss: But testing for
all of them would be ridiculous.
So I mean an easy way for that would
just be, I mean it's just a stream.
So if you come in here,
you have the template stream right here.
I mean whatever flavor you wanna do,
you wanna use .contains and Chai or
if you wanna do a regex on it,
it's however you wanna do,
however you wanna do it.
>> Off Camera 2: Maybe we can write one
here.
Would it take like four or five minutes?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, let's do it.
So if we say expect-
>> Off Camera 4: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Off Camera 4: Insert an it.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, thank you.
>> Off Camera 3: I forget that all
the time.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, me too.
it('should have vm') I don't know
what the test is gonna be yet so
we might change that.
So we'll do that.
And we can say expect(template),
do I have that?
Yes I do, template.
And in fact, you know what?
I have a regex for
this already, somewhere else.
I'm gonna grab it.
>> Scott Moss: cat ./angularclass/
>> Scott Moss: Give me one second.
>> Scott Moss: Boom, where is it?
There it is, aha.
>> Scott Moss: Got it,
okay, so you can test like,
wait, how did it go?
Yeah, .match.
>> Off Camera 1: Is
it to.match?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, thanks.
So you can do something like this and
then test for the property.
In this case I think it was what,
message, yeah.
This is a regex that I
created a while ago.
Let's see if this runs or not.
So this will test to see if there's
something in this template that passes
this regex.
>> Scott Moss: [SOUND] See if that runs.
If not, you can also do contains or
something like that.
I think, yeah, that one worked.
Yeah, so that one worked, should have vm.
So that's like an advanced more one.
There's different ways to find
values inside of a stream.
It's up to you.
>> Off Camera 1: Interesting.
>> Scott Moss: Any other questions
on anything we covered today?
>> Off Camera 3: There was another
question from Danielle M, your opinion on
using TypeScript in place of Babel here.
>> Scott Moss: Mm-hm-hm.
>> Off Camera 1: [LAUGH]
>> Scott Moss: I'm not a fan of
TypeScript, I'll be honest.
I use it all the time cuz I'm writing
Angular 2 a lot these days, but
I'm not a fan of it.
I like the Wild Wild West of JavaScript.
I like that it's just
unpredictable sometimes and
it's fun,
TypeScript feels like Java to me.
I don't like to write Java all the time so
I don't really wanna write
TypeScript all the time.
But if I were going to use TypeScript,
would I use Babel compiler,
or would I use TypeScript compiler?
I would definitely use a TypeScript
compiler for TypeScript.
Especially since 1.5 just came out,
TypeScript 1.5 compiler,
which introduces ES6 support, or ES2015
support, so imports and stuff like that,
whereas, a couple of months
ago that wasn't the case.
I think it just left beta or
it might still be in beta.
I think it just left beta, so yeah,
I would definitely use TypeScript 1.5.
Especially if you're using something
like VM or the Visual Studio code or
like WebStorm,
you get that nice intellisense.
Yeah, that's really awesome.
So for that I would use it, but
I'm not a fan of TypeScript.
>> Scott Moss: Yes.
>> Off Camera 2: When do you think Angular
2 is gonna come out of alpha?
>> Scott Moss: I don't think it's gonna be
ready until, I think at the earliest,
probably late winter.
At the latest, end of next spring.
>> Off Camera 2: Yeah.
>> Scott Moss: I think right now Google
is internally building things with it,
they're replacing some of their products.
But it's still got some time,
it's still got some time.
So they're trying to make it the best and
it's gonna take some time, but
I don't think you'll see it in
production any time soon, yeah, yeah.